DOCS-6336 -- Connector doc updates (including for DOCS-6444) (#444)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/caqh/caqh-connector-reference.adoc

 | The connection types to provide to this configuration. | |x
| Address a| String |  |  |x
| Version a| String |  |  |
| Expiration Policy a| <<ExpirationPolicy>> |  Configures the minimum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before the runtime considers it eligible for expiration. This does not mean that the platform expires the instance at the exact moment that it becomes eligible. The runtime purges the instances when it sees fit. |  |
|===

==== Connection Types
[[config_connection]]
===== Connection

> This class (as it's name implies) provides connection instances and the funcionality to disconnect and validate those connections.  All connection related parameters (values required to create a connection) must be declared in the connection providers.  This particular example is a PoolingConnectionProvider which declares that connections resolved by this provider will be pooled and reused. There are other implementations like CachedConnectionProvider which lazily creates and caches connections or simply ConnectionProvider if you want a new connection each time something requires one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class (as its name implies) provides connection instances and the functionality to disconnect and validate those connections.  All connection related parameters (values required to create a connection) must be declared in the connection providers.  This particular example is a PoolingConnectionProvider which declares that connections resolved by this provider will be pooled and reused. There are other implementations like CachedConnectionProvider which lazily creates and caches connections or simply ConnectionProvider if you want a new connection each time something requires one.
```
